doc,esm: add history support info (#35395)
nodejs/node: doc/api/esm.md

<!--introduced_in=v8.5.0-->
<!-- type=misc -->
<!-- YAML
added: v8.5.0
changes:
  - version: v12.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26745

>     description: Add support for `.js` files via `package.json` `"type"` field.

Reviewer: Technically `.js` files were always supported, just not as ES modules until 12.

Author: This page is about ESM, and this lists the changes of a section named `# Modules: ECMAScript modules`. Do you think the context is enough to disambiguate what I mean?

FYI here's how it looks like on the HTML version:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/14309773/94441005-86a19c00-01a2-11eb-939f-22393ebed72a.png)

Reviewer: Before 12, `.js` files were supported but always as CommonJS; like `.cjs` files now.

You could just say “Add support for `.js` files as ES modules via `package.json` `"type"` field.”

Author: ```suggestion
    description: Add support for ES modules using `.js` file extension via `package.json` `"type"` field.
```

<!--introduced_in=v8.5.0-->
<!-- type=misc -->
<!-- YAML
added: v8.5.0
changes:
  - version: v12.0.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/26745
    description:
      Add support for ES modules using `.js` file extension via `package.json`
      `"type"` field.
  - version:
    - v12.17.0
    - v13.2.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/29866

>     description: Unflag `--experimental-modules`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    description: Unflag ECMAScript modules.
```

...of...

```suggestion
    description: Unflag ESM.
```

...or...

```suggestion
    description: Loading ECMAScript modules no longer requires a command-line flag.
```

...or...

```suggestion
    description: Using the `--experimental-modules` is no longer needed.
```

Basically, you can unflag a feature, or you can remove a flag, but unflagging a flag seems strange.

That said, the meaning is clear enough, so this is not blocking if my other suggestions have different problems that we wish to avoid.

  - version: v14.8.0
    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/34558
    description: Unflag Top-Level Await.
  - version:

>     - REPLACEME

Author: ```suggestion
    - 14.13.0
```

    pr-url: https://github.com/nodejs/node/pull/35249

>     description: Add some support for CommonJS named imports.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    description: Support for detection of CommonJS named exports.
```
